Add paragraph about needing privileges to create and drop indexes and constraints (#1156)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/constraints/index.asciidoc

The constraint name must be unique among both indexes and constraints.

The command is optionally idempotent, with the default behavior to throw an error if you attempt to create the same constraint twice.
With `IF NOT EXISTS`, no error is thrown and nothing happens should a constraint with the same name or same schema and constraint type already exist.

> It may still throw an error should a conflicting index or constraint exist.

Reviewer: I think this sentence could maybe be expanded on a bit. I think it is not clear for a user what `conflicting` means, especially `conflicting constraint` given the sentence above. I guess that a conflicting constraint would be e.g. a node key constraint if a uniqueness constraint  on the same label and property already existed? We maybe don't have to list every case the can cause errors, but at least some examples.

> It may still throw an error if conflicting data, indexes, or constraints exist.

Author: ```suggestion
It may still throw an error if conflicting data, indexes, or constraints exists.
```

Reviewer 2: As above, plural subjects hence no s on exist.

The command is optionally idempotent, with the default behavior to throw an error if you attempt to create the same constraint twice.

> With `IF NOT EXISTS`, no error is thrown and nothing happens should a constraint with the same name or same schema and constraint type already exist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `IF NOT EXISTS`, no error is thrown and nothing happens if a constraint with the same name or same schema and constraint type already exists.
```

> It may still throw an error should there exist conflicting data, indexes, or constraints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It may still throw an error if conflicting data, indexes, or constraints exist.
```

[NOTE]
The `IF [NOT] EXISTS` syntax for constraints is only available in Neo4j 4.1.3 and onwards.

Creating a constraint requires <<administration-security-administration-database-constraints, the `CREATE CONSTRAINT` privilege>>,

> while dropping a constraint require <<administration-security-administration-database-constraints, the `DROP CONSTRAINT` privilege>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
while dropping a constraint requires <<administration-security-administration-database-constraints, the `DROP CONSTRAINT` privilege>>.
```
